Update PR template (#5105)
electricitymaps/electricitymaps-contrib: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Issue

> <!-- If you want to close a issue with your PR use magic words such as closes, fixes or resolves "issue number" to autmatically link a PR to an issue. For example: Closes #0000, Fix: #0000 or Resolves: #0000 -->
> 

Reviewer: Let's give fewer options for the non-github-savy users :D

```suggestion
<!-- If you want to close an issue automatically when your PR is merged, write "Closes X" where X is the PR number. For example: Closes #000 -->

```

Author: Fair enough 😅

## Description

<!-- Explains the goal of this PR -->

### Preview

<!-- Please add screenshots and/or gif that shows visual changes (if applicable) -->

### Double check

- [ ] I have tested my parser changes locally with `poetry run test_parser "zone_key"`

> - [ ] I have run `pnpx prettier --write .` and `poetry run format` to format my changes.

Reviewer: In an ideal world this should be handled automatically by tools, but until then it's nice to add the check here :)

Author: Yeah I had a quick discussion with Pierre about it and the last one is already checked by the bots (but people seem to forget it anyway 😅). The first one is a lot trickier, we would have to calculate the changed parsers and then run them (and hope the source isn't down) or require tests to be implemented in each parser.

Reviewer: The second one should ideally be a pre-commit thing so that forgetting it is not an option :D 

Good point about the first one!

Author: Let's remove the second one when we add the pre-commit 👍🏼
